Docs (#97)
cda-tum/syrec: README.md

[![Bindings](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/cda-tum/syrec/Deploy%20to%20PyPI?style=flat-square&logo=github&label=python)](https://github.com/cda-tum/syrec/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/cda-tum/syrec?style=flat-square&logo=codecov)](https://codecov.io/gh/cda-tum/syrec)

> # MQT SyReC Synthesizer - A Programming Language for the Synthesis of Reversible Circuits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SyReC Synthesizer: An MQT Tool for the Synthesis of Reversible Circuits
```

A tool for HDL-based synthesis of reversible circuits developed by the [Chair for Design Automation](https://www.cda.cit.tum.de/) at the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.tum.de/).

> _SyReC Synthesizer_ is part of the Munich Quantum Toolkit (MQT) and builds upon [our quantum functionality representation (QFR)](https://github.com/cda-tum/qfr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _SyReC Synthesizer_ is part of the Munich Quantum Toolkit (MQT) and builds upon [our quantum functionality representation (QFR)](https://github.com/cda-tum/qfr).
```

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://syrec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/">
  <img width=30% src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=read%20the%20docs" alt="Documentation" />
  </a>
</p>

If you have any questions, feel free to contact us via [quantum.cda@xcit.tum.de](mailto:quantum.cda@xcit.tum.de) or by creating an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/cda-tum/syrec/issues).

## Getting Started

> _SyReC Synthesizer_ is available via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/mqt.syrec/) for Linux, macOS, and Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _SyReC Synthesizer_ is available via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/mqt.syrec/) for Linux, macOS, and Windows.
```

[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/cda-tum/syrec?style=flat-square&logo=codecov)](https://codecov.io/gh/cda-tum/syrec)

# MQT SyReC Synthesizer - A Programming Language for the Synthesis of Reversible Circuits

A tool for HDL-based synthesis of reversible circuits developed by the [Chair for Design Automation](https://www.cda.cit.tum.de/) at the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.tum.de/).
_SyReC Synthesizer_ is part of the Munich Quantum Toolkit (MQT) and builds upon [our quantum functionality representation (QFR)](https://github.com/cda-tum/qfr).

If you have any questions, feel free to contact us via [quantum.cda@xcit.tum.de](mailto:quantum.cda@xcit.tum.de) or by creating an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/cda-tum/syrec/issues).

## Getting Started

_SyReC Synthesizer_ is available via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/mqt.syrec/) for Linux, macOS, and Windows.

- In order to make the library as easy to use as possible (without compilation), we provide pre-built wheels for most common platforms (64-bit Linux, MacOS, Windows). These can be installed using
  ```bash
  (venv) $ pip install mqt.syrec
  ```

> - Once installed, start the _SyReC Synthesizer_ editor GUI by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once installed, start the _SyReC Synthesizer_ GUI by running:
```

Author: done 👍🏻

```bibtex

@inproceedings{wille2010syrec,
  author={Wille, Robert and Offermann, Sebastian and Drechsler, Rolf},
  title={SyReC: A programming language for synthesis of reversible circuits},
  booktitle={Forum on Specification \& Design Languages},
  year={2010},
  url = {http://www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/agra/doc/konf/10_syrec_reversible_hardware_language.pdf},
}
```

</details>

<details open>
<summary>[2] Robert Wille, Eleonora Schönborn, Mathias Soeken, and Rolf Drechsler. "SyReC: A Hardware Description Language for the Specification and Synthesis of Reversible Circuits". INTEGRATION, the VLSI Jour., 2016</summary>

```bibtex

@article{wille2016syrec,
  author={Wille, Robert and Sch{\"o}nborn, Eleonora and Soeken, Mathias and Drechsler, Rolf},
  title={SyReC: A hardware description language for the specification and synthesis of reversible circuits},
  journal={Integration},
  year={2016},
  publisher={Elsevier},
  url = {https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S016792601500125X?via%3Dihub},
}
```

</details>

<details open>

> <summary>[3] Robert Wille, Majid Haghparast, Smaran Adarsh, and Tanmay M. "Towards HDL-based Synthesis of Reversible Circuits with No Additional Lines". In International Conference on Computer Aided Design (ICCAD), 2019</summary>

Reviewer: Please follow the structure of the READMEs in QCEC/QMAP. 
Lots of the information below the references is redundant, since it is now in the Docs.
Also, references to the documentation (as in QCEC/QMAP) are missing.
References are also in a different format.

Author: done 👍🏻
